
# Math 0190

## Learning Resources for Math 19

*   **Class time**. Come to class prepared to engage and ask questions. If you find the lectures too fast, consider reading the next few pages in the notes in advance.
*   **Recitation**. Take advantage of the opportunity to work with your fellow students and get help from the TA. The recitaion problems will help you get a head start on the skills covered on the upcoming homework.
*   **Homework**. Complete each homework question with the goal of understanding it thoroughly. Reflect on the principles you used to solve the question, how you recognized which principles would be useful, and the bigger picture the problem is trying to illuminate. If you sense that there are some things you aren't completely grasping, please attend office hours or the MRC (see last two items below) for more conversation.
*   **Quizzes**. Every week you'll be quizzed on the homework you just completed. If you struggle to complete the quiz problems on time, take that as an indication that you should strive to learn the material more thoroughly while doing the homework. This might mean you need to solve additional problems (see the next three items).
*   **Course notes**. The course notes are formatted in the style of a textbook, but they are more informal and less comprehensive. Therefore, despite any misgivings you might have about your ability to learn mathematics from a printed page, this is an excellent opportunity for you to develop that skill. Reading the notes allows you to absorb the concepts at your own pace, which can be extremely valuable. There are also a couple extra pratice problem per section that you may wish to do in addition to your homework problems.
*   **Laura's notes**. Laura's [notes](https://sites.google.com/a/brown.edu/fa16-math0190-s02/home) and mine cover the some topics but often use different examples. So her notes are a good resource if you want to see additional examples and/or a slightly different presentation. Also her handwriting is way better than mine.
*   **Gilbert Strang's book**. This book is [available](https://ocw.mit.edu/ans7870/resources/Strang/Edited/Calculus/Calculus.pdf) for free online, and it includes most of the topics we'll cover this semester. The book offers a more complete presentation than the one you'll get in class, and it is a good source of many additional exercises. You can find the appropriate section in the table of contents or using [Nathan Pflueger's topics schedule](https://npflueger.people.amherst.edu/math19/index.html) from the 2014 edition of Math 19.
*   **Nathan Pflueger's problem sets** This course parallels the course from two years ago closely enough that the problem sets (and practice exams) on [that website](https://npflueger.people.amherst.edu/math19/index.html) will provide helpful additional practice. Solutions are also available.
*   **Office hours.** The course staff members' office hours are listed on the [course page](index.html), and any Math 19 student is welcome to attend anyone's office hours. You do not have to have any pressing needs to attend office hours: you are welcome to come to chat about the course or go over problems you feel you already mostly understand or whatever.
*   **Your fellow students**. Collaboration on solving homework problems is encouraged (though the final write-up must still be your own!), because you can learn a lot from working through problems with one another.
*   **Math Resource Center**. The department [provides learning support](https://www.math.brown.edu/mrc/) for a variety of undergraduate courses at Brown, including Math 19\. Place & time: Foxboro Auditorium in the math department, 8 PM to 10 PM Monday through Thursday.
*   **Tutoring**. The office of co-curricular advising offers [free group/individual tutoring](https://www.brown.edu/academics/college/support/tutor) on a weekly basis, which you sign up for in advance. The department also has a list of graduate students available for private tutoring (though that tends to be expensive).
*   **SageMath**. This part is purely optional, but you can experiment with graphs of functions, check your integration, etc. using Sage. You can run Sage code directly in your browser without installing anything at [SageMathCell](http://sagecell.sagemath.org), and you can get started learning how to use it [here](http://www.sagemath.org/calctut/). You really can do plenty of things that are helpful in this course (graphing, differentiating, integrating, taking limits) with no prior coding experience.
